docs: fix bugs, typos, inconsistencies, stale boilerplate (#32)
neo4j/docs-dataflow-connector: dataflow-bigquery/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= Introduction

The Flex Template allows you to import data from a BigQuery dataset into a Neo4j database, through a Dataflow job.
It also allows you to manipulate and transform the data at various steps of the import.
You can use the template for both first-time and incremental imports.

This guide walks you through how to import an example BigQuery dataset into a Neo4j database using a Dataflow job.
It also provides a public dataset you can experiment with, before you go on and create an import job for your own dataset.

[NOTE]

> To import data from CSV files rather than BigQuery, check out the xref:dataflow-google-cloud::index.adoc[Dataflow Flex Template for Google Cloud to Neo4j].

Reviewer: The `xref` in that format was there originally to accommodate for different versions, so that docs v1 would link to docs v1 and 0.1 to 0.1. But apparently I never put it in docs v0.1, so this was pointless. Let's make these links explicit, it's easier. Can you also change them in v0.1?

```suggestion
To import data from CSV files rather than BigQuery, check out the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/dataflow-google-cloud/current/[Dataflow Flex Template for Google Cloud to Neo4j].
```
